feat: Add Feast Operator RBAC example with Kubernetes Authentication … (#5077)
feast-dev/feast: examples/operator-rbac/README.md

> # Install and run a Feature Store on Kubernetes with the Feast Operator

Author: done

> 1. [1-setup-operator-rbac.ipynb](1-setup-operator-rbac.ipynb) will guide you through how to setup Role-Based Access Control (RBAC) for Feast using [Feast Operator](../../infra/feast-operator/)  with the Kubernetes Authentication type. This Feast Admin Step required to setup operator and Feast RBAC on K8s environment. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [1-setup-operator-rbac.ipynb](1-setup-operator-rbac.ipynb) will guide you through how to setup Role-Based Access Control (RBAC) for Feast using the [Feast Operator](../../infra/feast-operator/)  and Kubernetes Authentication. This Feast Admin Step requires you to setup the operator and Feast RBAC on K8s. 
```

> 2. [2-client.ipynb](2-client.ipynb) Validate with RBAC with client example using different test cases with service account token locally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. [2-client.ipynb](2-client.ipynb) Validate the RBAC with the client example using different test cases using a service account token locally.
```
